ETHx integration (#1174)
reserve-protocol/protocol: contracts/plugins/assets/ethx/README.md

# Collateral Plugin - Stader - ETHx

## Summary

This plugin allows `ETHx` holders use their tokens as collateral in the Reverse Protocol.

## Implementation

### Units

| tok  | ref  | target | UoA |
| ---- | ---- | ------ | --- |
| ETHx | ETH2 | ETH    | USD |

### refPerTok()

Gets the exchange rate for `ETHx` to `ETH2` from the ETHx token contract using the [getExchangeRate()]()

> function. This is the rate used by rocket pool when converting between ethx and eth2 and is closely followed by secondary markets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function. This is the rate used by stader labs when converting between ethx and eth2 and is closely followed by secondary markets.
```
